 Enterprise UXpedition: Creating a global, scalable, user-friendly organization

The complexity and challenge of making global enterprises user-friendly is one of the most di cult challenges in the world today. Some wonder if it is possible at all. Great Enterprise User Experience (for both customers and employees) requires leadership, planning, and operations to work alongside all of the classic enterprise disciplines.

Why?
Enterprise UX helps you avoid risk and wasted time on innovation e orts that are unlikely to work by keeping enterprise e orts closely linked to customer value.

Why am I allocating new budget amounts for this thing I’ve never heard of?

We need to make better decisions and reduce risk and uncertainty. Enterprise UX will help us make sure we are doing the right things.

Okay. But how will we measure it?

This will help our Net Promoter Score, increase brand loyalty, and reduce costs related to customer attrition, brand switching, and customer support.

How?
Here is a current state snapshot of how the best minds in Enterprise UX today are tackling this complex challenge.

１．CRAFT AN ENTERPRISE EXPERIENCE
Clarify your vision.
A clear value promise to customers unites people, drives decisions, aligns teams, and creates momentum.

Map the territory.
Scout out the situation with generative research.

Choose an approach.
What are the goals for users and stakeholders? What will you do first? What people, skills, and tools do you need?

Blaze a trail.
As you make your way, reflect
on what you are learning and develop a design system to make it easier for others to follow.

２．LEAD TEAMS THAT EXECUTE
Build your team.
What positions do you need? How will you balance the workloads within your budget?

Here’s where we fit.

Carve out your place.
Frame how and where Enterprise UX sits in the larger organization, especially in regards to engineering and development.

Balance optimism and realism.
As an optimist, you must help people focus on the goal. But as a realist, you must also plan and prepare for worst-case scenarios.

３.TRANSCEND SILOS
Make connections.
People from across the enterprise speak di erent languages, use di erent tools, and have di erent points of view and skills. You need to be a connector, a bridge-builder, and a diplomat.

Compare.
Compare perspectives, maps, and tools with other silos. Find common languages, tools, and templates that can work across all teams.

We can help!
Thanks!

We do it this way.
Cool!

4. LEAVE A LEGACY
Nurture relationships.
Empathy for customers and colleagues unblocks things, builds alignment, and sets you up to build momentum and get quick wins.

Persevere.
The air is thin near the top. It doesn’t get easier, it gets harder. When you fall, get back up. Be ready to fight for what you believe in.

Build a sustainable practice.
Make sure your methodology has a clear path so others can follow your lead.

Follow my lead

We have come a long way!

Measure value and impact.
Measure the impact you deliver. Use numbers to make your case when you need more resources and funding.

Prepare for change.
You are the keeper of the flame. Keep an eye on the horizon. An acquisition, a merger, new CEO, all of these things are possible and they might set you back to square one. Be ready.