How To Deliver Great User-Experience at Scale in Global Organizations

7-12-2017 | Lauren Gantner | Organizational Innovation

inShare
224  
Many traditional organizations are now driving away both potential employees and new business by not putting their users (employees, customers, and partners) first. They’re caught in a web of outdated processes and old technologies. They favor the traditional way of working instead of following the lead of their customers. They just can’t keep up.

The worst part? Most of them have no idea that their problem is in the user's experience.

These huge, distributed businesses make up a large part of the economy worldwide, yet every person who touches any part of these orgs often face experiences that are tedious, complex, and impossible to use. Transforming these traditional, behemoth, monolithic organizations into easy, friendly, and fun to interact with companies (both as employees and as customers) is a monumental challenge. That’s where Enterprise User Experience (UX) comes in. According to Rosenfeld Media’s Enterprise UX Conference, Enterprise UX pushes companies to deliver useful, delightful, and humane experiences to people who work for, in, and with enterprises.


“I believe the most successful organizations integrate User Experience within their overall business strategy rather than creating a separate UX strategy.”

— Lou Rosenfeld in an interview with UXMatters

 


As a leader, not putting effort into your user experience strategy can lead to inefficiencies, angry customers, and frustrated employees… which, over time, can translate to big losses.

When companies focus on Enterprise UX, they’re able to:

Fix inefficiencies by figuring out from the users what’s working and what’s not, companies can save big bucks by uncovering hidden inefficiencies, frustrations, and problems.
Reduce risk by understanding what your customers need, what frustrates them, and how you can help them be successful.
Work better and faster by building a system that makes work easier and more manageable for your employees.
Breakdown silos by increasing the likelihood of adoption. When the platform is designed specifically for the users needs, they’re more likely to use the system or software, instead of creating their own method to get the job done.

Together we are building a movement for Enterprise UX. With the help of passionate the leaders and attendees from the Enterprise UX Conference, we created a visual explanation that you can use to start conversations up, down, and across your organization, to help us all create the change we want to see in the world.